Oh, everyone. I am going to make today a
tutorial about um Blender Gary nodes.
Uh it's for the video about about
geometry nodes.
Um I'm going to record here a material
which doesn't record.
Um, I were talking uh about how to
install an extension for Blender.
So, we're going to the edit preferences
and there's going to be extensions. Uh,
you need to search simple audio with the
laser or audio just I have it already
installed. I will uninstall it and
install it again. So, I have it. But if
you don't have and or you can't, you can
just go to system and uh check the allow
online access.
There's also another way to install
that. You can go to the Blender
extensions website
and then you can press search and you
need uh to type their audio
and then you're going to need simple out
laser
then uh get addon and drag and drop into
Blender.
Uh I already had that. So it says I
already inserted that. So don't worry
about that.
Now um delete all
and then uh create any object.
I will make an cube then add modifier
geometry nodes and there you need to
type or I'm just going to make name
audio zalizer
then go to geometry nodes delete group
input
and then create points node uh put
points into a geometry
then you have a point in the viewport
you can move that with position
also So you can change radius and the
count of dead.
In the left you're going to have the
amount and information about points.
Then
you need like you need to make points
that create every frame. Uh add
simulation zone.
Move that in the middle.
So points in geometry and geometry in
geometry. So everything this happens in
the pink zone. It's uh going to repeat
every frame.
Also we need to create points every
frame. For that
you need to create a join geometry node.
Put that in the middle also and put
points in geometry. Now every frame
you're going to create a new point
automatically.
Now we need to move that points.
Create a transform geometry node and uh
y uh put the 0.22.
Now you're going to move that points on
the Y axis.
Now the rotation Z uh a half of one and
the X rotation also half of one.
You can also make the Yaxis
is going to be also cool.
Now we're going to make them look like
an out of the laser.
Now you need to create a new object
empty plane axis
and you can create any other object if
you want. Now from error here you need
to put it in geometry nodes
then location in position.
And now if I'm going to move the empty
the points are going to create in the
same place at the empty itself.
Also you can plug scale in position and
depending on the scale of your empty the
points are going to be in at the numbers
of the scale of uh empty.
You can also put a rotation in position.
And if you're going to rotate on
different taxis, it's going to make the
point on
on the different position.
It's also going to make some cool
effects like that. But I still prefer
location position result.
Now we need to animate empty with our
song or music or your voice
on the Z-axis or uh something else if
you prefer. Now open the graph editor
and uh in the end panel you are going to
have simple out of the laser the plugin
uh which you installed in the beginning.
Now here I want to remove scale and uh
turn on location.
So it's going to animate only Z
location.
And now you need to select your audio
file.
And now you need to press on visualize
selected objects.
Now, if you're going to play the
animation, you're going to have
something like uh this.
Also, it's uh animated uh only before
frame. Uh it's because the end of my
animation is uh 250.
Actually, I have a longer audio file,
but if I'm going to set the end frame to
500 and I press again with all the
select subjects, I going to have a
longer animation.
But if you don't know how much frames
you're going to have, you can just set
the end frame to 10,000.
I have 900 frames.
But I'll keep 250.
Now I need to add the audio to make sure
that the audio and the animation are
synchronized.
Press right click button and select
horizontal split
and then select the video sequencer.
Now just drag and drop your audio file
also. As you see, I have a longer audio
file than 250 frames.
Now, if you're going to play the
animation, you're going to have the
audio.
Now, open that I'm showing here and
select Z location. Then press alt s and
select smooth gaus and set nearly 35%.
Now you're going to have a little bit
smoother animation.
Now you can just disable play audio.
Now we need to delete points after some
time
written. You know the call store name it
attribute
add the map node pl value in value the
attribute age
then add name it attribute node then
plug attribute in value
in name it attribute put page.
Then add a compare node.
Then set float to integer.
Plug attribute in a
add geometry node
and then plug result in selection.
Set B to 20.
Now after some time the points are going
to delete
in add value to Fun.
Now add the points checkers node.
Now add set plane type node.
Set poly to catal Rome. Now you're going
to have a smoother curve. For even
smoother results as catal to nerves if
you want.
Now add the crystal mesh node.
Also if you want activate field caps
box.
Now add the curve circle node
and plate cur in profile curve.
At first set radius to 0.03
and resolution to 10
and set scale to 1.3.
Now I set material node in material put
material
and the add bake node
that animation from still and click bake
button.
Also,
if you're going to make any changes
after bake, it's not going to update.
You need to rebake
You can take a screenshot if you like.
Now in render properties set render
engine to cycles and send device CPU to
GPU. Now add plane. Press S and type 50.
Now press render it view and in world
strength set to zero. Add our
and put it where you want.
You can press R two times and rotate
liquid
set power to something higher
and lower the spread.
and set color to something nearly blue.
Now go to the shader editor. Now select
your material.
Set the roughness to zero, IUR to 1.2,
transmission weight to one.
Emission strength set to 1.5.
Add layer weight node and put Freno in a
color blend set 0.05. 05.
You can also make a ghost effect by
setting ger to one.
Add a color node.
The white color stop sets the color like
this.
Also, here's a hex code.
Select black color stop and set position
of it to 0.115.
Set linear to be spline.
For the grand lay, add the checker
texture node. Plug factor in base color.
Plug factor and roughness. Add the color
ramp out. Put between factor and
roughness.
Make a black color stop brighter.
Select lane and press Ctrl A and select
scale.
Now we need an addon called not
wrangler. Go to the edit preferences.
Go to addons and search not wrangler.
Enable it.
Now select checker texture node and
press Ctrl T
and plug object and vector.
Let's scale to one.
White color stop you can make slightly
darker.
gray color stop. You can make also a
little darker
also. Maybe I'm going to make it a
product.
It's end of the video. Subscribe and
bye-bye.